Feature/multiple backends s3inbox impl (#2202)
neicnordic/sensitive-data-archive: sda/cmd/s3inbox/s3inbox.md

### Storage settings

> - `S3INBOX_ENDPOINT`: Endpoint to the S3 system(including port)

Reviewer: It's unclear if `S3INBOX_ENDPOINT` should include the protocol (http:// or https://) or not. 

```suggestion
- `S3INBOX_ENDPOINT`: Endpoint to the S3 service including the port number (e.g., https://s3.example.com:9000). Do not include the bucket name in this URL
```
